#16: Cleanup solution (#19)
ibm-cloud-architecture/refarch-eda: docs/design-patterns/cqrs.md

Some implementation items to consider: 

* **Consistency** (ensure the data constraints are respected for each data transaction): CQRS without event sourcing has the same consistency guarantees as the database used to persist data and events. With Event Sourcing the consistency could be different, one for the write model and one for the read model. On write model, strong consistency is important to ensure the current state of the system is correct, so it leverages transaction, lock and sharding. On read side, we need less consistency, as they mostly work on stale data. Locking data on the read operation is not reasonable. 
* **Scalability**: Separating read and write as two different microservices allows for high availability. Caching at the read level can be used to increase performance response time, and can be deployed as multiple standalone instances (Pods in Kubernetes). It is also possible to separate the query implementations between different services. Functions as service / serverless are good technology choices to implement complex queries. 

> * **Availability**: The write model sacrafices consistentcy for availability. This is a fact. The read model is eventually consistent so high availability is possible. In case of failure the system disables the writing of data but still be able to read them as they are served by different databases and services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Availability**: The write model sacrafices consistency for availability. This is a fact. The read model is eventually consistent so high availability is possible. In case of failure the system disables the writing of data but still is able to read them as they are served by different databases and services. 
```
